---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-digicert_certificate Resource - st-digicert"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The st-digicert_certificate resource can be used to create and manage an certificate in Digicert
---

# st-digicert_certificate (Resource)

The st-digicert_certificate resource can be used to create and manage an certificate in Digicert

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    st-digicert = {
      source  = "example.local/myklst/st-digicert"
      version = "~> 0.1"
    }
  }
}

resource "st-digicert_certificate" "certificate" {
  common_name        = "abc.com"
  sans               = ["*.abc.com"]
  organization_id    = 2384958
  min_days_remaining = 30
  product_name       = "GeoTrust TrueBusiness ID OV"

  dns_challenge {
    provider = "route53"
    config = {
      AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID     = "xxx"
      AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY = "xxx"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `common_name` (String) Common name that request to issue certificate.
- `organization_id` (Number) The Organization that is registered in Digicert.It is used to bind with the certificate when requesting certificate.
- `product_name` (String) ID of the intermediate certificate authority (ICA)certificate to select as the issuing certificate.

### Optional

- `dns_challenge` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_challenge))
- `min_days_remaining` (Number) Threshole of the expired date remaining of the certificate. Default 30 days.
- `order_validity_days` (Number) Validity period of the order. Number of days the order remains valid. Default 365 days.
- `sans` (List of String) Additional domains to be secured. Can result in additional costs.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_id` (Number) Certificate's ID.
- `certificate_pem` (String, Sensitive) The certificate in PEM format.
- `certificate_valid_till` (String) The date of the certicate is valid until
- `csr` (String) Certificate signing request (CSR).
- `issuer_pem` (String, Sensitive) The intermediate certificates of the issuer.
- `order_id` (Number) Order's ID.
- `order_valid_till` (String) The date of the order is valid until.
- `private_key_pem` (String, Sensitive) The certificate's private key, in PEM format.
- `root_pem` (String, Sensitive) The Root certiifacets of the issuer.

<a id="nestedblock--dns_challenge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_challenge`

Required:

- `config` (Map of String, Sensitive) Configuration of the DNS provider, The valid configs:
	- `route53` - `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
	- `alidns` - `ALICLOUD_ACCESS_KEY`, `ALICLOUD_SECRET_KEY`
	- `cloudflare` - `CLOUDFLARE_DNS_API_TOKEN`
- `provider` (String) DNS provider which manage the domain, Valid providers:
	- `route53`
	- `alidns`
	- `cloudflare`
